Update self-hosted deployment instructions #1 (#888)
layer5io/docs: content/en/cloud/self-hosted/deployment/_index.md

## High-level List of Deployment Tasks

<ol>
    <li>Review the prequisites for installing Layer5 Cloud on Kubernetes. (<a href="#prerequisites">docs</a>)</li>
    <li>Prepare INIT_CONFIG parameters for initial setup</li>
    <li>Install Layer5 Cloud on Kubernetes using Helm. Deploy it's services in Kubernetes in-cluster. (<a href="#installation">docs</a>)</li>
    <li>Meshery deployments are separate from <a href="https://docs.meshery.io/extensibility/providers">Remote Provider</a> deployments (Layer5 Cloud). Deploy Meshery in Kubernetes in-cluster (or out-of-cluster). (<a href="https://docs.meshery.io/installation/quick-start">docs</a>)</li>
    <li>Configure Meshery Server point to your Remote Provider. Learn more about the Meshery Server registration process with Remote Providers. (<a href="https://docs.meshery.io/extensibility/providers#meshery-server-registration">docs</a>)</li>
</ol>

### Kubernetes-based Installation with Helm

> Layer5 offers on-premises installation of its [Meshery Remote Provider](https://docs.meshery.io/extensibility/providers): Layer5 Cloud. Contained in the [Layer5 Helm repository](https://docs.layer5.io/charts) is one chart with two subcharts (see repo [index](https://docs.layer5.io/charts/index.yaml)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layer5 offers on-premises installation of its [Meshery Remote Provider](https://docs.meshery.io/extensibility/providers): Layer5 Cloud. Available in the [Layer5 Helm repository](https://docs.layer5.io/charts) is the layer5-cloud chart, which contains two subcharts. See the Helm repo [index](https://docs.layer5.io/charts/index.yaml) for details.
```

#### Prerequisites

Before you begin ensure the following are installed:
- Helm.
- An ingress controller like `ingress-nginx`.
- A certificate manager like `cert-manager`.

##### 1. Create dedicated namespaces

> This deployment uses two namespaces, `cnpg-postgres` for hosting the PostgreSQL database using CloudNativePG operator and `layer5-cloud` namespace for the Layer5 cloud. You can also choose to keep all components in the same namespace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deployment uses two namespaces, `cnpg-postgres` for hosting the PostgreSQL database using CloudNativePG operator and `layer5-cloud` namespace for the Layer5 Cloud. You can also choose to keep all components in the same namespace. 
```

The INIT_CONFIG variable is only processed during the initial startup. Subsequent restarts will not reprocess this configuration.
{{< /alert >}}

##### Configuration Schema

The `INIT_CONFIG` JSON structure supports the following fields:

- `provider.name`: The name of your provider instance
- `provider.settings`: Custom provider settings specific to your deployment

#### Installation

> You will install the Postgres database first followed by Layer5 cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will install the Postgres database first or configure connection details to your existing Postgres v12+ database server, followed by the rest of Layer5 Cloud's containers.
```
